all stars Lunars trout and captains we
have a full show today I am your host
Jacques Slade and this is today in
sneaks first yesterday I said in the
game when I clearly meant MLB thank you
all for pointing that out and keeping me
on my toes and since we're talking about
baseball today Nike released the lunar
vapor trout trout yes the new baseball
cleat actually looks like a trout with
that speckled upper and I can't decide
if this is really corny are really
clever marketing since the all-star game
was tonight in the land of a thousand
lakes either way these are available
right now overall nike.com for one
hundred and fifty dollars and I actually
spent a little time with my trout at the
launch of the Weber trout and I have
that video up for you this weekend let's
keep the baseball vibes going as today
Jordan brand new build the cleats that
Derek Jeter is wearing tonight at the
game the shoe follows the Yankee color
scheme and rock a great base with maybe
hints that highlight Jeter's all-star
achievements no word on if things are
actually going to release to the public
but stay tuned and I will let you know
as soon as I find out more switching to
running adidas today announced two new
runners that feature boost in the
midsole the first model is the pure
boost reveal and the second model is the
energy boost reveal now both models will
be available for men and women with a
pure boost actually being available
today for one hundred and twenty dollars
and the energy was scheduled to drop
later this month for one hundred and
sixty dollars Nike or Nike Sportswear I
should say is showing love for their
lunar cushioning with a special Air Max
lunar 90 inspired by the moon landing in
1969 go NASA the purposes of 3m moon
print with red white stripes on the
right heel and blue and white stars on
the left now there are two different
release dates for these Nike stores
reporting that these are going to
release on the 17th and bodega who
actually created these pictures says
they're dropping on the 20th either way
they're gonna cost you one hundred and
forty five dollars and finally we have
the Jordan future up to this point all
the models have had that woven upper but
Jordan Brannan switched things up with a
new version that has like this textile
upper now this style of Jordan feature
has actually been seen before in leaked
images but these are the first official
looks at the shoe the hypershade upper
just looks really great in pops and then
that translucent outsole is the perfect
complement to this cut design our
colorway I should say these will be
dropping on Thursday for one hundred and
fifty dollars and before I go and let
you guys know that I had an interview
with Kevin Durant you can check that out
by clicking
we're in this video I'll add a link to
that and it'll also be at the end of the
video so make sure you check out that
video he talks about the kt7 USA
basketball and a bunch of other stuff
now as far as what I rock it today it is
this shoe it is the bands of light this
is from the OTW version of vans are
actually say part of vans OTW partner
bands so these are super lightweight
like very light hardly like basically a
minimal version of vans if you can make
bands any more minimal and super light
anyway so yeah that's our box today have
the ultra cush insole which feels really
really comfortable if you're just
chilling and not doing much anyway if
you haven't already make sure you like
favorite and subscribe that way you know
whenever something awesome is happening
right here on this channel and if you
leave it up to me I have a lot of great
stuff that I have for you guys I can't
wait to show you some of the things that
are happening right now anyway
again like favorite subscribe and as
always I appreciate you alright guys
I'll see you soon peace